What type of character does the school have? What is atop the main building's gold dome? What is the name of the statue of the Virgin Mary in front of the main building? What is next to the main building? Where is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart located? When did the virgin mary appear to saint bernadette soubirous? How many statues connect through the main drive?
What does Notre dame's students run? How many newspapers do Notre Dame's students run? When was The Observer published? What is one of Notre Dame's oldest continuous collegiate publications? What is published annually in Notre Dame? What is the name of the newspaper that is published daily in Notre Dame? What type of publication does The Observer have? What did some students believe was published in 1987? What was the name of the conservative paper that went into production in 2003? How many students are distributed to The Observer? What is the name of the undergraduate journal for political science research?
Where is the church of holy cross located? What is the main seminary of Notre Dame? What is the oldest building on campus? Who reside in fatima house? What is the name of the theologian at Notre Dame? What has buechner praised writers from Notre dame and moreau seminary?
When was the college of engineering established? When did civil and mechanical engineering become part of the college of science? How many b.s. degrees are offered at the College of Engineering? How many years does the College of Engineering offer dual degree programs? What degree is awarded to the College of Business?
How many undergraduate colleges are in Notre dame? When was the first year of studies program established? What does each student receive from the First Year of Studies program? What program provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring? What newspaper recognized the first year of studies program as outstanding?
In what years did the university offer a master of arts degree? What is the name of the degree offered by the College of Arts in the 1854-1855 academic year? What degree program did the College of Business offer in its early stages of growth? In what year did the college offer graduate degrees? How many colleges offer graduate education? What is the m.div. program? What is the name of the department in the college of science that offers phd programs? What is the name of the school that offers a master of architecture? What types of programs does the college of business offer? Where does the College of Business operate for its executive mba program? How many years does the alliance for catholic education program last?
What is the purpose of the joan b. kroc institute for international peace studies? What types of degrees does the Joan B. Kroc Institute offer? Who was the widow of mcdonald's owner? What has the Joan B. Kroc Institute contributed to?
What is the library system of Notre Dame divided between? What is the main building of Notre Dame's library? When was the theodore m. hesburgh library completed? Who designed the front of the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library? What is the Word of Life mural known as?
How many students were admitted to Notre Dame in fall 2015? What is the academic profile of the enrolled class in Notre Dame? What is Notre Dame's early action policy? What percentage of students were admitted to Notre Dame under the early action plan? How many of Notre Dame's students were admitted under the early action plan? How many high schools did Notre Dame have? What percentage of students enroll in Notre Dame in engineering?
In 2015-2016, Notre dame ranked what in the u.s. news & world report's best colleges? What was Notre dame in 2014? What rank did forbes.com rank Notre dame among colleges in the u.s. in 2015? What is Notre dame law school listed in the u.s. news & world report? What is the name of the college that ranks mendoza as 1st overall? What rank does BusinessWeek rank Notre Dame's mba program? What is Notre Dame's undergraduate architecture program? What percentage of students choose to study abroad in 17 countries? What is the mid-career median salary of undergraduate alumni of Notre dame? What was Notre Dame's starting salary?
Who was Director of the Science Museum and the Library? When did Father Joseph Carrier become a professor of chemistry and physics? What were the ideals of the church? When was john augustine zahm born? What movement introduced catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues? What book defended some aspects of evolutionary theory as true? Who prevented zahm from censure by the vatican? Who was zahm's former president?
Who built an early wind tunnel to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models? Who became the first american to send a wireless message? Who performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene? What is the name of the joint institute for nuclear astrophysics?
In what year did the lobund institute begin research in germ-free-life? Who posed the question of whether animal life was possible without bacteria? What was Lobund's research based on? What was the first research organization to answer definitively? What was the goal of the Lobund Institute? What was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals? Where has Lobund spread its work? What department was the Lobund Institute under? In what year was Lobund established as a purely research organization? When was Lobund instituted?
When was the review of politics founded? What did the Review of Politics offer? How long did the Review of Politics last? What were gurian, maritain, o'malley, leo richard ward, f.a. hermen What did the Review of Politics become?
When did Notre Dame's research continue? Who was Notre Dame's president? What does Notre Dame's recent research include work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, and marketing trends on the internet? What index ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt?
How many students attended Notre dame in 2014? What percentage of Notre Dame students are children of alumni? What ranked Notre Dame as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children? The princeton review ranked Notre dame as what? What does the princeton review rank Notre Dame among schools that are not an alternative? What magazine ranked Notre Dame ninth on its list of the top 25 colleges for latinos in 2004? What was the name of Notre Dame's intramural sports program in 2004? What is Notre dame's annual basketball tournament?
How many graduate students live on campus? How many residence halls do undergraduates live in? How many male dorms does Notre Dame have? How many social spaces does Notre Dame have for students regardless of gender? How many residence halls have as a resident at Notre Dame? What percentage of students live in the same residence hall for all four years at Notre Dame? What is the only non-military academy program at Notre Dame? Where is the championship game played at the end of the intramural season?
What is the name of the church affiliated with the Notre Dame KofC? What percentage of students identify as christian? How many times is catholic mass celebrated on campus? What is the word of life mural on the campus of Notre Dame? What does every classroom display? What are the religious clubs at Notre Dame? What is the building on Notre dame kofc used as? How many chapels are located throughout Notre Dame?
When was the main building destroyed? Who was the president of Washington Hall? When was construction of the Main Building started? What was rebuilt in the main building of Washington Hall? What was opened around the time of the fire? What was the name of the music hall at the time of the fire? When was the lafortune student center built? How many classrooms did the Science Hall house?
When did james burns become president of Notre dame? What were the bastions of academic conservatism that were reluctant to move to a system of electives? Why did Jesuit colleges shut out of Notre Dame's elective system? What did Notre dame add over the years? What was Notre dame's name? What did Notre Dame add to each subsequent president?
What is the name of Notre Dame's football team? Who became head coach of Notre Dame in 1918? How many wins did the irish have under Knute Rockne? How many national championships did the irish win? Who has the highest winning percentage in ncaa division i/fbs football history? How many games did the Notre Dame Fighting Irish run? When was the last game rockne coached?