To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? What was created at Notre Dame in 1962 to assist first year students? Which organization declared the First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame "outstanding?" 
What type of degree is an M.Div.? Which program at Notre Dame offers a Master of Education degree? In what year was a Master of Arts course first offered at Notre Dame? Which department at Notre Dame is the only one to not offer a PhD program? 
What is the title of Notre Dame's Theodore Hesburgh? In what year was the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies founded? To whom was John B. Kroc married? What company did Ray Kroc own? 
What is the name of the main library at Notre Dame? In what year was the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library at Notre Dame finished? Which artist created the mural on the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library? What is a common name to reference the mural created by Millard Sheets at Notre Dame? 
What percentage of students were admitted to Notre Dame in fall 2015? Where does Notre Dame rank in terms of academic profile among research universities in the US? What percentage of students at Notre Dame participated in the Early Action program? How many miles does the average student at Notre Dame travel to study there? 
Forbes.com placed Notre Dame at what position compared to other US research universities? The undergrad school at the Mendoza College of Business was ranked where according to BusinessWeek? In 2014 what entity named Notre Dame 10th best of all American universities? What percentage of Notre Dame students decide to study abroad? 
What was the lifespan of John Augustine Zahm? What program did John Augustine Zahm come to co-direct at Nore Dame? What book did John Zahm write in 1896? What professorship did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame? 
Which professor sent the first wireless message in the USA? In what year did Jerome Green send his first wireless message? Which individual worked on projects at Notre Dame that eventually created neoprene? What did the brother of John Zahm construct at Notre Dame? 
Around what time did Lobund of Notre Dame become independent? In what year did Lobund at Notre Dame become an Institute? The Lobund Institute was merged into the Department of Biology at Notre Dame in what year? When did study of a germ-free-life begin at Notre Dame? 
What was the Review of Politics inspired by? Over how many years did Gurian edit the Review of Politics at Notre Dame? Thomas Stritch was an editor of which publican from Notre Dame? 
The Kellogg Institute for International Studies is part of which university? What does the Kroc Institute at Notre Dame focus on? In what year did Notre Dame begin to host the Global Adaptation Index? What threat does the Global Adaptation Index study? 
What percentage of students at Notre Dame are the children of former Notre Dame students? How many teams participate in the Notre Dame Bookstore Basketball tournament? For what cause is money raised at the Bengal Bouts tournament at Notre Dame? How many students in total were at Notre Dame in 2014? 
How many student housing areas are reserved for Notre Dame's graduate students? How many dorms for males are on the Notre Dame campus? What amount of the graduate student body at Notre Dame live on the campus? There are how many dorms for females at Notre Dame? 
What percentage of Notre Dame students feel they are Christian? How often is Catholic mass held at Notre Dame in a week? How many chapels are on the Notre Dame campus? What amount of the student body of Notre Dame identifies as Catholic? 
In what year was the Main Building at Notre Dame razed in a fire? Who was the president of Notre Dame in 1879? On what date was the rebuilding of The Main Building begun at Notre Dame after the fire that claimed the previous? What did the Science Hall at Notre Dame come to be known as? 
Which college did Notre Dame add in 1921? In 1919 a new president of Notre Dame was named, who was it? Over how many years did the change to national standards undertaken at Notre Dame in the early 20th century take place? Those who attended a Jesuit college may have been forbidden from joining which Law School due to the curricula at the Jesuit institution? 
What was the amount of wins Knute Rockne attained at Notre Dame while head coach? 